# SWBF2 Bundle Manager
When Frostbite 3 (FB3) games are compiled for public release builds all of the game’s assets are packaged into what are known as ‘bundles’. These bundles determine what assets will be loaded into the game’s memory at any given time. This is done to optimise the game as most of the time only a fraction of the game’s available assets actually need to be in use. For example, if the game is on the Hoth level it is unnecessary to have models from Naboo loaded, such as the models for Clones and Battle Droids, because they serve no purpose being in memory as there’s no chance they’ll ever be called into the game. 

While this is great for maximizing performance this does create a problem when designing mods as what happens when a Modder wants to do something like putting Clones and Battle Droids on Hoth? In Frosty you can add the Clones and Battle Droids to the Hoth gameplay files however if you launched the game and went into Hoth you would find that the Clones and Droids are either invisible or the game would flat out crash when loading into Hoth. This is because Frosty doesn’t replicate the same bundle packaging process that the official developer tools do.

This plugin is designed to resolve that problem as best as it can by handling the completion of bundles as well as two types of per bundle database assets called “NetworkRegistries” and “MeshVariationDatabases”. At the highest level, the bundle manager will enumerate over all the ebx assets modified by a project file, check if the dependencies of the parent are loaded in the same bundles as parent. If the dependencies are not loaded in the same bundles as the parent then the Bundle Manager will add them and then do that recursively for the dependencies of the child asset. 